Add Docker-based development environment (#956)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/README.md

```

5. Browse the website in production to verify that the new changes have taken effect

## Developing in Docker

Assuming that you have Docker installed and running, ensure that the working directory is `src`, where the `Dockerfile` is present, before running the following commands.

1. Build a Docker image named `webalmanac` (if you choose a different name, adjust following commands accordingly):

```
docker image build -t webalmanac .
```

2. Run the application server (which is the default command of the Docker image, so no need to explicitly supply it as an argument):

```
docker container run --rm -it -v "$PWD":/app -p 8080:8080 webalmanac
```

> 3. Open http://localhost:8080 in your web browser to access the site then kill the server (using `Ctrl+C`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open http://localhost:8080 in your web browser to access the site. You can kill the server when it is no longer needed using `Ctrl+C`.
```
